Add grid for cube merged (#2084)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: release_notes/current/2026_08_08_Campos.md

## [Master] - 2026/08/08

### Added

> - MAJOR This PR adds a new grid generator for a cube mesh, which is a combination of an extruded plate with hole and a cylinder (both generated along the z axis). The input grid arguments include the names of the `gmsh` files for both initial meshes, as well as the boundary ID corresponding to the cylindrical boundaries. The latter are necessary to reconstruct the manifolds in the merged mesh. [#2084](https://github.com/chaos-polymtl/lethe/pull/2084)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MAJOR This PR adds a new grid generator for a cube mesh, which is a combination of an extruded plate with hole and a cylinder (both generated along the z axis). The input grid arguments include the names of the `gmsh` files for both initial meshes, as well as the boundary IDs corresponding to their respective cylindrical boundaries. The latter are necessary to reconstruct the manifolds in the merged mesh. [#2084](https://github.com/chaos-polymtl/lethe/pull/2084)
```
